[IMP] studio: updating automation rules and webhooks (#14041)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/studio/automated_actions.rst

   :ref:`WhatsApp templates <productivity/whatsapp/templates>` must be created.

This action is used to send a WhatsApp message to a contact linked to a specific record.
To do so, select the appropriate :guilabel:`WhatsApp Template` from the dropdown menu.

.. _studio/automated-actions/action-add-remove-followers:

Add Followers and Remove Followers
----------------------------------

This action is used to subscribe/unsubscribe existing contacts to/from the record. Followers can be
added in two ways:

> - To always add the same, specific contact(s), select :guilabel:`Specific Followers` as
>   :guilabel:`Followers Type` then choose the relevant contact from the dropdown. Repeat as many
>   times as needed to add multiple contacts.

Reviewer: This is probably nitpicking/preferential but:

```suggestion
- To always add the same, specific contact(s), set the :guilabel:`Followers Type` to :guilabel:`Specific Followers`, then choose the relevant contact(s) from the dropdown.
```
- I personnally like to mention the field first as I think it helps users when we mention things in the order in which they happen (find the field, then use the dropdown), if that makes sense?
- I think the multiple selection part is pretty standard for Odoo and the "repeat" part made it sound to me like you need to set the Followers type again --> It might be a bit of a reach, sorry if that's the case!

- To add a contact linked to the record dynamically, select :guilabel:`Dynamic Followers` as

>   :guilabel:`Followers Type` then enter the technical name of the relevant field.

Reviewer: same as above for the first part of the sentence

.. tip::
   To find a field's technical name, with :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` activated, use one
   of the following methods:

   - in a record of the relevant model, hover over the tooltip beside the field name. The field's
     technical name is found beside :guilabel:`Field`; or
   - go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Models` and open the relevant model. The
     technical name of the model's fields is found in the :guilabel:`Field Name` column of the

>      :guilabel:`Field` tab.

Reviewer: I think I woudl capitalize the first letter in both list items
